Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Dr. Randa?
They're ready for you.
Hiroshi…
meet your son.
Not the way you wanted it to be…
I know…
I never said that…
It's just…
I thought the two of us
were all we needed.
I thought of taking your father's name…
William.
We can call him Bill.
That was my stepfather's name.
My father's name was…
Kentaro.
It's okay. Kentaro.
I'm here.
Wait.
Please. I need to talk to you.
We don't have time.
If the Titan is heading to Santa Soledad.
we need to get there and find a way to
send it back where it came from.
Please. Let me see that letter.
Of course.
Forgive me for reading it.
It belongs to you…
…and Uncle Lee.
I need to explain.
You don't owe me an explanation.
Your business is your own.
It was just a one-time mistake.
Really?
That letter doesn't seem like a "mistake."
Remember our song?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm